[11/11/2018] MahraSabba: 
The purpose of this project is to create a simple game in Unity, 
learning and understanding the GDE in the process. 

The idea which I have is of a fun little customizable Tower 
Defence game in a DnD inspired setting. 

Tower Defence as in a Game where waves of enemies/objects/units
originate from Point A and travel through a specified path to
Point B. During their travel, it is the goal of the player to
eliminate all of these units.

DnD [Dungeons and Dragons] is a trademarked property thus names
and characters from the official or registered books cannot be 
used in the project. Otherwise; shapes, models or sprites can be
inspired by the creatures in the setting. It is a lazy method of
copy-pasting and slightly changing the character but it is what 
has always happened in these genres.

Customizable as in being able to create your own path in the start
of the stage on which the units would arrive. The end point would 
be static though. Kind of like Hexage's game, Radiant Defence but
where the start point can be changed too. Due to this feature, 
the wave difficulty would have to be calculated after the path has
been fixed and the resources the player has been given. Or maybe 
not, the resources mainly dictate the difficulty of such games.

The game can be 2D or 3D, this can be decided, None of us have the
skills to create art thus we would need to learn that or maybe ask
a friend or acquaintance.

This will be a long project and will require a lot of effort, de-
dication and determination of which we possess not much of.

If you have another idea, present it in the most basics of methods,
like this.